
### My name is Kelsey, my pronouns are she/her. I am from Richmond, VA and I am currently a junior double majoring in Communication and Leadership with a minor in Digitial Humanities at Christopher Newport University.

As I said I am a DH minor, while choosing this minor I was honestly really _unsure_ of what it was but I thought it might pair well with the comm major but I am super excited about it now that I am invovled in it. I am in specifically Writing for the Digital Humanities because it one fulfills a writing intensive requirement, but also because I enjoy writing (to a certain extent) but I do not get to do it very often. Aside from taking this english class I am also in an intro digital humanities course this semester

On campus outside of academics, I keep myself **extremely busy**. I am involved in greek life as a sister of Phi Mu, I serve as a Resident Assistant on North Campus, have an additional on campus role as a front desk worker in the Student Affairs Office, I am apart of the Presidents Leadership Program, and play club field hockey. Like I said, I keep myself super busy. .

Aside from my on-campus involvements I have worked for a Homeowners Association the past two summers as an intern in the office. It was an interesting experience to say the least but it was also a rewarding one. It somewhat reminds me of working in the Student Affairs office as I deal with angry residents, but also the sweetest residents. 

After graduating from CNU with my bachelors degree, there is two different tracks that I am considering. I either want to pursue a career working for the government in a communications department, but I don’t know specifically what. If not working for the government, I want to get my masters in Higher Education and pursue a career in Higher Education Student Affairs. Because of my jobs on campus I have been heavily exposed to the student affairs department in higher education, and while the jobs are demanding I find them to be so rewarding being able to work one on one with the students. While my options are VERY different from each other I think that also allows me a lot of different options and opportunities to pursue different things. Yet, it is also extremely stressful when trying to decide which path I eventually want to find myself down. You will certainly find me at the career fairs this semester while trying to figure out what path is the best fit for me.

This past summer I had the opportunity to study abroad in Europe through a leadership course with CNU.  We spent majority of our time in the Netherlands but had the opportunity to travel to 5 other countries on day or few day trips. Having never been out of the country it was an amazing experience and I definitely recommend traveling abroad to anyone! I learned so much about other cultures and about myself through this experience. 


